well I'm here on the echo fox roster day
to talk to both honey and Phoenix we
will be competing this year on echo fox
so first off who nee welcome back to na
LCS very exciting for you I am sure and
Phoenix we great to see you competing in
the big league again hooni let's start
off with you you were on SKT now you're
back to na LCS what is why did you
decide to come back to North America
first of all I think I'll tell you
whether it's too good okay
and also la food is too good okay and
also finally I got the chance to you
know bid at nails yes you know I want to
I just want to be done analysis and be
champion of their analysis okay you say
this despite the fact that you were the
finals of worlds last year does it feel
like winning na LCS is a little a little
old-school for you I don't think so
actually I think na else is winning
anything else it's a kinda part okay but
what I mean is like you know analysis
that is for me that only I could have I
couldn't be champion mmm you know so I
went you know
yo says I win it I want SKT I win else
okay but I could win it with amor so
okay for this time maybe there is no
gonna be opportunity for me to be
champions yes
that's my goal yeah so Phoenix last year
who knee was playing with faker this
year he's gonna be playing with you how
are you to make sure that you don't
disappoint honey after he's had to play
with faker on yesterday this is not
surprised because when I was doing
chorus the time period was doing edge
where he is former midlaner was packard
- so you guys are resting tell me can I
say that
he always tell me you are better than
him because very careful I think he was
shocked but anyway I don't get any fresh
home from that cuz I experienced and I
think I just need
try hard hoodie is there a chance that
that he's better than faker that piglet
was correct we can't say that okay okay
good we said it here you heard it here
first
Phoenix was better than the figure all
right no what are you looking to approve
in na LCS this year Phoenix because I
feel like you know the team liquid stuff
it was kind of like fizzle out and then
you kind of disappeared now you're back
so what do you want to prove what do you
want to show an NA LCS this year I
always think I have fair season when I
wasn't in the kid because always close
to win the season but or espera but
decision I always focus on my team and
custom team play and I'll make our team
win this pretty bit as team yeah honey a
lot of people are saying that echo fox
is the craziest roster this year because
it's got all these big personalities
like you phoenix dar doc who is very
controversial so what what do you think
cuz some people say echo fox is just
gonna blow up you know it'll
self-destruct it'll go boom what do you
think too for people who say that um I
really want to show that someone
actually I think there was a lot of
people that their ranking almost like
seventh or eighth you know you know so
I'll show them they're just wrong and
they're stupid so yeah I'll just try to
prove it yeah you know of course there
is gonna be like yeah we have like a lot
ego right right it seems like so I'm
pretty sure we can actually control it
even though we have ego it's not bad
when you play game so we just need to
play around control and vocalizing and
just play around the you know just play
around it and also there's there's gonna
be chance that we're gonna be poppin off
so who knows yeah I think it's gonna be
pretty much the same as when I was
joining worlds I think when I was too
much anymore so I think it was not like
super high ranking too but we actually
kind of success there were regular
season two so it's not gonna be them
important Thanks yeah Phoenix dar doc is
somebody you played with previously he's
now back on this roster and so many
people as a fans and the community say
oh man dark is just too toxic to play
with what do you think as someone who
was played with them previously because
he said in my interview with him that we
need find out you were gonna be on the
roster he was really excited to join so
we know what do you think I think of
course he have some Pro he had some
problems with chair well I heard a
little thing he getting better he got
better and better especially he went all
of teams so I already his improving of
his attitude and his mental and I think
he really wanting and our team every on
the other ones doing so will get well
yeah
very not system it just improved hooni I
interviewed rain over your friend a
couple days ago and one of the things he
told me was that originally when he was
looking at rosters and lineups he was
kind of talking to you and he was hoping
that he could reunite with you so first
off is that true did you guys want to
try to join a team together and also you
know how did you end up on echo fox yeah
I think it was a toaster that I was
talking with remember that reunited kiss
because I know
reignover need me you know okay because
I'm good yeah and also that you know I
know that Rhino bars get to in analysis
that he can actually speak English
really well at same time he's in you
know Korean and also he has really good
mechanical too so for me it's kind of
whatever but I guess he wasn't he he
needed me so yeah I was talking with him
I was even hoping that you know just
reunited the rain over because I was
friendly with her and
yeah and for echo fox just our I was
looking for team that kind of late then
other so there was not much team but I'm
pretty sure echo fox will trade just
best for me and stuff was really good so
that's why I choose like an echo fox
yeah Phoenix what do you think of other
than LCS this here because it seems like
there's gonna be a lot of people are
gonna be really good in all their
positions for you are you worried at all
about the other players in your position
actually this plate it seems hardest Oh
split for enemy trainers but I starting
I can stand up like top 4 or top 5 but
whoever I against it
I took IRA just my thing in Irene ok
excited do you will you have a rivalry
with Team Liquid Oh actually I don't
have a rivalry pod I can say we can mean
against him make it if we meet ok
I'm excited to see it excited to see it
happen who knee
I am wondering you know when you are on
SKT and you make it to the finals and
then you go to na LCS after is there any
thought in your mind of like I don't
need to try as hard as I did last year
you know you can kind of relax a little
bit because it's na LCS competition
should not be as hard you know you don't
have coma with the whip behind you what
you know is there is there any chance
that you will be able to kind of relax a
little bit more and it won't be as crazy
as SKT I don't think soo I think I
should try hard if I want to win then
else just because you know going worst
finals with SKT it's gonna be easier
than reading anything else yes another
right so obviously I need to try hard
really hard too yeah very good
are there stuff from SKT that you plan
on bringing to echo fox stuff that
you've learned maybe even from the team
yeah I learned from the school of coma
so you know my teacher will you know I
got from a lot from coma so I will use
some dumb stuff yeah you could say
it's okay
yeah I well I won't I won't well we
won't cut that from the interview it's
fine it's fine yeah yeah all right other
than that anything that you guys want to
say to any of the echo fox fans that are
curious about this year or the who near
Phoenix fans that want to cheer for you
guys I mean if you want to start us off
no matter what I will take down everyone
and I really want to win against rain
aware by the way okay so you're the rain
over rivalry yeah okay
I'm not I'm not even rivalry or
volatility I just want a solo kill the
rain over it during the game okay like
at level 6 I was just like all to him
and then kill it and then I just I okay
yeah and then I will be happy too by the
way dark Hawk told me that in scrims
he fed top a hunt game and that you were
actually kind of fine with you were like
close it was fine is it true is Startalk
feeding in the top lane whenever he
tries to help you uh sometimes but it's
fine
yeah we're getting better you know
Lucy's improved like fails improve you
know fellas gonna be success so yeah
it's gonna be fine and do you think
she's going back to reign over people
last year said reign over was game over
I think DC Syria - oh he's gonna be game
over this year - because who needs here
you know because hood is here okay so
he's not game over when you're honest
team yeah I think he shouldn't have play
with me to not to be game over
okay there we go Phoenix anything you
wanna say we're not gonna let you down
who's supposed supporting us
I know a lot of people think we are
right 30 more babies seven or a praise
ball I'll make them wrong and we're in
as team
door locks you have any questions you
want to ask them
oh they want to know he dogs question is
on a scale of one to ten how toxic is
your jungler it's dicey sometimes one
sometimes ten but I I hope it keep
keeping one I think I'm sure everyone
hopes that he just giving my yeah thank
you guys so much for the interview thank
you for the adhere star doc for everyone
so you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel bye
hey guys Travis asked me to do this
outro for him because apparently he
can't get any views without me anymore
so if you would like to support him you
can do so through his support link in
the description below help him out help
him find a job